archetypes/category.md, before:

---
title: '{{ .Name }}'
author: ''
date: '{{ .Date }}'
images: ["/img/cover.png"]
r_init: '`r 
source("../../R/init.R")

current_filename <- get_current_filename()

entity_type <- "categories"

lookup_name <- get_category_label_by_path(current_filename)

current_name <- get_name_from_filename(lookup_name, entity_type)

research_summary_type <- "all"


most_recent_fiscal_year_total <- get_most_recent_fiscal_year_total(lookup_name, entity_type)

most_recent_fiscal_year_year <- get_most_recent_fiscal_year_year(lookup_name, entity_type)


s424_mean_duration <- get_research_finding("s424_mean_duration_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_years", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)

s421_mean_contract_value <- fancy_round(get_research_finding("s421_mean_contract_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_overall_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))

s425_max_duration <- get_research_finding("s425_max_duration_by_category", research_summary_type, "max_years", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)

s422_max_contract_value <- fancy_round(get_research_finding("s422_max_contract_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "max_overall_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'

description: 'The Government of Canada spent an estimated $`r most_recent_fiscal_year_total` in `r most_recent_fiscal_year_year` on `r str_to_lower(current_name)` contracts. The average contract duration was `r s424_mean_duration` years, and the average contract value (not including contracts under $10k) was $`r s421_mean_contract_value`. The longest contract was `r s425_max_duration` years. The largest contract by value (including amendments) was $`r s422_max_contract_value`.'

lookup_name: '`r lookup_name`'

most_recent_fiscal_year_total: '`r most_recent_fiscal_year_total`'
most_recent_fiscal_year_year: '`r most_recent_fiscal_year_year`'
s431_number_of_contracts: '`r format_entity_count(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "contracts", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s431_number_of_contracts_with_amendments: '`r format_entity_count(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "contracts_with_amendments", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s431_number_of_contracts_amendments_percentage: '`r format_percentage_rounded(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "has_amendments_percentage", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s432_mean_amendment_increase_percentage: '`r format_percentage_rounded(get_research_finding("s432_mean_amendment_increase_percentage_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_amendment_increase_percentage", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s434_mean_number_of_amendments: '`r get_research_finding("s434_mean_number_of_amendments_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_number_of_amendments", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)`'
s433_total_amendment_increase_value: '`r fancy_round(get_research_finding("s433_total_amendment_increase_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "total_amendment_increase_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s424_mean_duration: '`r s424_mean_duration`'
s421_mean_contract_value: '`r s421_mean_contract_value`'
s425_max_duration: '`r s425_max_duration`'
s422_max_contract_value: '`r s422_max_contract_value`'
---

`r blogdown::shortcode_html("entity_summary_params")`
`r blogdown::shortcode_html("/entity_summary_params")`

## Vendors

```{r echo=FALSE, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}

dt_vendors_by_fiscal_year_by_category(lookup_name)
a_table_source_data_github(lookup_name, entity_type, "summary_by_fiscal_year_by_vendor.csv")

```

## Departments and agencies

```{r echo=FALSE, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}

dt_departments_by_fiscal_year_by_category(lookup_name)
a_table_source_data_github(lookup_name, entity_type, "summary_by_fiscal_year_by_category.csv")

```

Commit message:

Updated category handling to include IT subcategories on the category page

archetypes/category.md, after:

---
title: '{{ .Name }}'
author: ''
date: '{{ .Date }}'
images: ["/img/cover.png"]
r_init: '`r 
source("../../R/init.R")

current_filename <- get_current_filename()

entity_type <- "categories"

lookup_name <- get_category_label_by_path(current_filename)

current_name <- get_name_from_filename(lookup_name, entity_type)

research_summary_type <- "all"


most_recent_fiscal_year_total <- get_most_recent_fiscal_year_total(lookup_name, entity_type)

most_recent_fiscal_year_year <- get_most_recent_fiscal_year_year(lookup_name, entity_type)


s424_mean_duration <- get_research_finding("s424_mean_duration_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_years", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)

s421_mean_contract_value <- fancy_round(get_research_finding("s421_mean_contract_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_overall_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))

s425_max_duration <- get_research_finding("s425_max_duration_by_category", research_summary_type, "max_years", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)

s422_max_contract_value <- fancy_round(get_research_finding("s422_max_contract_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "max_overall_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'

description: 'The Government of Canada spent an estimated $`r most_recent_fiscal_year_total` in `r most_recent_fiscal_year_year` on `r str_to_lower(current_name)` contracts. The average contract duration was `r s424_mean_duration` years, and the average contract value (not including contracts under $10k) was $`r s421_mean_contract_value`. The longest contract was `r s425_max_duration` years. The largest contract by value (including amendments) was $`r s422_max_contract_value`.'

lookup_name: '`r lookup_name`'

most_recent_fiscal_year_total: '`r most_recent_fiscal_year_total`'
most_recent_fiscal_year_year: '`r most_recent_fiscal_year_year`'
s431_number_of_contracts: '`r format_entity_count(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "contracts", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s431_number_of_contracts_with_amendments: '`r format_entity_count(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "contracts_with_amendments", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s431_number_of_contracts_amendments_percentage: '`r format_percentage_rounded(get_research_finding("s431_number_of_contracts_by_category", research_summary_type, "has_amendments_percentage", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s432_mean_amendment_increase_percentage: '`r format_percentage_rounded(get_research_finding("s432_mean_amendment_increase_percentage_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_amendment_increase_percentage", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s434_mean_number_of_amendments: '`r get_research_finding("s434_mean_number_of_amendments_by_category", research_summary_type, "mean_number_of_amendments", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name)`'
s433_total_amendment_increase_value: '`r fancy_round(get_research_finding("s433_total_amendment_increase_value_by_category", research_summary_type, "total_amendment_increase_value", "d_most_recent_category", lookup_name))`'
s424_mean_duration: '`r s424_mean_duration`'
s421_mean_contract_value: '`r s421_mean_contract_value`'
s425_max_duration: '`r s425_max_duration`'
s422_max_contract_value: '`r s422_max_contract_value`'
---

`r blogdown::shortcode_html("entity_summary_params")`
`r blogdown::shortcode_html("/entity_summary_params")`

## Vendors

```{r echo=FALSE, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}

dt_vendors_by_fiscal_year_by_category(lookup_name)
a_table_source_data_github(lookup_name, entity_type, "summary_by_fiscal_year_by_vendor.csv")

```

## Departments and agencies

```{r echo=FALSE, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}

dt_departments_by_fiscal_year_by_category(lookup_name)
a_table_source_data_github(lookup_name, entity_type, "summary_by_fiscal_year_by_department.csv")

```

```{r echo=FALSE, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE, results=blogdown_display_it_subcategories_by_category(current_filename)}

# IT subcategories (only displayed on the IT category page using the results function parameter above)
htmltools::h2("Information technology subcategories")

dt_it_subcategories_by_fiscal_year_overall()

a_table_source_data_github("all", "overall", "summary_by_fiscal_year_by_it_subcategory.csv")

```
